Throughout the lesson, you'll be introduced to
each part of the application piece by piece.
You'll start with the basic building blocks of a Web app,
HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
Then, you'll practice using two libraries that make Web development easier.
The first library is called Bootstrap,
and you can use it to quickly build the design and layout of your app.
The second library is called Plotly,
which uses JavaScript to make visualizations.
At this point in the lesson you'll have
a functioning web page that includes data visualizations.
However, the Web page will only be on your local computer not the Internet.
The last part of the lesson focuses on getting the application ready for the Internet.
You'll work with a Python Web framework called Flask,
which takes care of the application logic happening behind the scenes,
and finally you'll put all of these tools together and
deploy your Web app to a website that anyone can access.